warn clients not to double render CID referenced parts (#48)
ietf-wg-mimi/draft-ietf-mimi-content: draft-ietf-mimi-content.md

part (for example HTML, Markdown, vCard [@?RFC6350], or iCal [@?RFC5545]) to
reference another part inside the same MIMI message. In a MIMI message it has
the form `cid:`*partIndex*`@local.invalid`.

> Using 

Author: ```suggestion
This format of the content ID URI in MIMI MUST only reference a SinglePart or ExternalPart.
```

When processing a MultiPart nested structure, the client can start from the
`body` in the MIMI content (the "top-level" or "root") and evaluate any
`chooseOne` semantics MultiPart elements, effectively discarding non-chosen

> Parts. To prevent rendering a Part referenced in a content ID URI more that
> once, the client can walk through the remaining parts in order, rendering any
> parts with the `render` or `inline` dispositions that were not already
> previously rendered based on their content ID reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parts. The remaining Parts might still reference each other in content ID URI. To prevent rendering a Part more than once, the client can handle the remaining Parts in order, skipping a Part if it was already referred to by a previously handled Part. If a MultiPart is skipped, all inner Parts are skipped too. All dispositions are handled the same: If a Part of disposition "reaction" is skipped, the reaction will not be counted. If a Part of disposition "attachment" is skipped, it will not be be visible in the attachment list.
```

I tried to make the wording more clear and generalized it to all dispositions. How does this sound to you?

Reviewer: I realized there are more edge cases. Can the initial chooseOne resolution consider what Parts reference? What happens, if a Part references a chooseOne MultiPart? That logic could become complex and expensive. What if a Part references itself, or its parent? Or two Parts reference each other recursively?

Author: this style of cid: should only ever reference an individual part (SinglePart or ExternalPart). let me update with some text to that effect

Author: it's not clear if skipped in this context is filtering out unselected branches of a chooseOne (I use discarded above), or they are being skipped because they were already processed via content ID.

If the later, we should make it explicit that CID needs to refer to an individual part, so you could not "skip" a MultiPart.

Author: @timokoesters what did you mean by skipping above, please?
